Main window: Codex - eBook DRM Removal and Conversion

Files list: Stores the list of files to be converted, with the most recently-added at the top.  Should only show filenames, not the full path.  Pressing the Delete key should remove the currently-focussed file.
Add files... button: Present an Open dialog which allows selecting multiple files, currently only supporting *.azw.  Returns a list of files to be added to the list.
Add folder... button: Allow the user to select a single folder of files to be added, from which all supported files will be extracted.
Remove button: Remove the currently-focussed item from the files list, only visible when the file list is non-empty and an item is selected.
Output format combo-box: Presents the human-readable names of the available output formats, e.g. ePub, plain text, etc. with the file extensions stored behind the scenes.
Process button: Opens the "Processing..." dialog and processes each file in the listbox, or shows an error message if no files have been added.
Options button: Opens the Options dialog.
About button: Opens the About dialog.
Exit button: Closes the program.

Processing... dialog:
Informs the user which file is currently being processed, e.g. "Processing file 1 of 5, C:\Path\To\eBook.azw".
When processing is complete, if the user has the appropriate configuration setting enabled, the dialog should close automatically if no errors occured.
Otherwise, the title of the dialog should be changed to "Processing complete", and if there were any errors, they should be listed in a read-only edit field and written to a log.
The "Open file" button should then be made visible and available if only one file was processed.
Show log buttton: Makes a read-only edit visible showing the output of the running Calibre commands.
Cancel button: Allows the user to cancel the operation.

Options dialog:
Configuration should be read from configuration file.
Interface language combo-box: Allows the user to change the interface language used by codex.  A restart will be required.
Output directory: A read-only edit storing the current path of the output directory where processed books will be saved.
Browse... button: Allows the user to select an output directory.
Open single file after conversion checkbox: Unchecked by default, controls whether the processed file should be opened in the user's default program if only one file has been specified.
Close program after successful conversion checkbox: Unchecked by default, controls whether Codex should exit after all files have been processed without errors.
OK button: Saves and writes the configuration and closes the dialog.  Does nothing if no configuration values have been altered.
Cancel button: Discards any changes made and closes the dialog.

About dialog:
Shows the version number and other information about the application in read-only edit fields.
Close button: Close the dialog.